# cave_game
This was a challenge from an online course I am taking in which the locations and vocabulary dictionaries had to be replaced with shelve objects.

Shelving the Cave Game:

I probably over engineered a solution once again. LOL I didn't understand why we needed two shelves when one would suffice. The interesting part for me as I worked through this solution was to try an generalize it. In the challenge we have just 2 dictionaries to convert to shelves. But what if we had 10 or 100 (maybe generated by some other process and then sent to our program for shelving)? I put the 2 dictionaries in a list.

Then for each item (dictionary object) in the list, I iterated the globals() dictionary to find a value that matches the value of the item. The key of that matching item is the name of the object, i.e. the dictionary that I put into the list.

So yes, it's a hack and all but it does seem to work. And it would come in handy, I believe, if we had to shelve a large number of dictionaries.

Now that I've watched the video showing the solution, I see that I misunderstood the requirement. Nevertheless, I think my solution does have some advantages in that the dictionaries themselves did not have to be edited int he cave_initialise.py file. And the cave_game.py file only required changes to how the dictionaries were being referenced, e.g.  instead of locations[loc] we use shelve_data['locations'][loc].

Now if the game were much more complex and had several large dictionaries, it would be very difficult indeed to edit them so that their keys would be strings. In my approach all of that editing could be avoided. You could also have several different versions of locations and vocabulary and change the game play by loading a different shelve file with no further modifications needed to the game engine itself.
